We now understand the actual UX problem. Do NOT make another keyboard workaround.

The Create a Pint War screen is currently behaving incorrectly because FREE PINT WAR is already selected when the screen first opens.

CURRENT BEHAVIOUR:

When I tap "Create a Pint War", the Free Pint War option is already selected/highlighted.

Because Free is already selected, the League Name/setup area is also displayed underneath the league options.

This is NOT what we want.

CORRECT UX:

When "Create a Pint War" first opens, NO league should be selected.

The user should see ONLY the league options:

- Free Pint War
- 6-player Pint War
- 10-player Pint War
- 14-player Pint War
- 16-player Pint War

There should be NO League Name field visible yet.

There should be NO keyboard visible.

There should be NO TextInput focused.

Then:

USER TAPS FREE PINT WAR
→ Free Pint War becomes the selected option
→ immediately open the shared "Confirm your Pint War" / setup screen
→ show the League Name field
→ League Name field is NOT focused
→ keyboard remains closed
→ user taps the League Name field
→ keyboard opens normally

USER TAPS 6-PLAYER PINT WAR
→ immediately open the same setup/confirmation screen
→ show League Name field
→ no automatic focus
→ no keyboard
→ user taps the field to type

The exact same behaviour must apply to:

- Free
- 6 players
- 10 players
- 14 players
- 16 players

IMPORTANT:

The initial Create a Pint War screen is a PLAN SELECTION screen.

It must NOT also display the setup/name form.

There must be a clear separation:

SCREEN 1:
Create a Pint War
→ choose a league size
→ no league selected by default
→ no name field
→ no keyboard

SCREEN 2:
Confirm your Pint War
→ selected league details
→ League Name field
→ keyboard only appears when the user taps the field

Please inspect the current implementation in:

artifacts/pint-wars/app/war/create.tsx

and any relevant components.

Find the state/conditional rendering that causes Free Pint War to be selected by default and causes the League Name section to appear on the initial screen.

Do NOT fix this by hiding the field with CSS or by adding Keyboard.dismiss().

Fix the underlying state/flow.

Also check why tapping Free currently appears to do nothing. The tap should transition from Screen 1 to Screen 2 exactly like the paid options.

The desired initial state should have no selected plan.

Preserve all existing:

- pricing
- player limits
- 10-day duration
- free-trial rules
- payment-coming-soon behaviour
- database logic
- authentication
- scoring
- navigation outside this screen

After making the change, run:

pnpm --filter @workspace/pint-wars run typecheck

Report:

1. What state was causing Free Pint War to be selected by default.
2. Why the name/setup section appeared on the initial screen.
3. How the selection now transitions to the setup screen.
4. Files changed.
5. Typecheck result.

Make ONLY the changes required for this UX fix.