IMPORTANT: THIS IS A CONTROLLED IMPLEMENTATION.

Create a new Git branch from the current clean Pint Wars main branch:

feature/memories-ffmpeg-ios

DO NOT modify main.

Before making changes:
- record the current HEAD
- confirm the working tree is clean
- confirm the branch created from the current HEAD

We are now implementing the iOS FFmpeg native integration for Pint Wars Memories.

SOURCE ARTIFACT:
The verified artifact is already available locally at:

/tmp/pint-wars-ffmpeg-artifact

Inside it, the verified archive is:

ffmpeg-kit-next-9.0.0-5e51b2d-ios-arm64-videotoolbox.tar.gz

The archive contains these eight XCFrameworks:

ffmpegkit
libavcodec
libavdevice
libavfilter
libavformat
libavutil
libswresample
libswscale

IMPORTANT SAFETY RULES:

1. Do NOT modify Android configuration, Gradle files, Android dependencies, or Android source.
2. Do NOT remove or replace any existing dependency.
3. Do NOT change RevenueCat configuration.
4. Do NOT change Supabase configuration.
5. Do NOT change scoring, league logic, authentication, logging, storage, or existing Memories selection logic.
6. Do NOT add expo-video, expo-av, react-native-video, FFmpegKit React Native packages, or any full upstream React Native FFmpeg package.
7. Do NOT create ios/ or android/ directories as committed project directories. Keep the project CNG.
8. Do NOT alter app version, bundle identifier, Android package, or existing permissions.
9. Preserve all existing Expo plugins.
10. Keep all existing functionality working.

IMPLEMENTATION:

Use a LOCAL iOS-ONLY Expo native module, using Expo Modules API, inside the existing Pint Wars project.

Create the module under the project's modules directory.

The module must:

- support iOS only
- expose a minimal native API to JavaScript
- use the verified FFmpegKit Next XCFrameworks
- provide the native bridge needed to execute FFmpeg commands for Memories video creation
- link/embed the vendored XCFrameworks correctly through CocoaPods
- leave Android completely untouched

The module should use a config/module setup compatible with Expo SDK 57 CNG and Expo autolinking.

Copy the required XCFrameworks from the verified artifact into the local module's iOS framework location.

Also preserve the relevant license/notice documentation with the integration.

DO NOT start by blindly editing app.json.

First inspect the existing Memories implementation and determine:

- where Memories selection is currently implemented
- how the selected photo paths/URIs are represented
- where the Memories video generation currently stops
- what JavaScript API would be the cleanest bridge point
- whether the existing Memories code already has a placeholder service/function that should be replaced

Then implement the smallest integration that fits that existing architecture.

NATIVE API REQUIREMENT:

Expose only what is needed for the existing Memories feature, for example an API equivalent to:

createMemoriesVideo({
  imagePaths,
  outputPath,
  duration,
  transitionStyle,
  ...
})

Do not invent a large general-purpose FFmpeg API.

The native implementation must:
- accept the existing Memories image inputs
- build the FFmpeg command safely
- generate a real MP4
- use the already-built FFmpegKit framework
- return the output file path
- return a useful native error if encoding fails
- avoid shell injection / unsafe command construction
- support cancellation/error handling where practical

IMPORTANT:
Do NOT add music yet unless the existing Memories implementation already has a defined audio input. We will handle licensed/royalty-free music separately.

After implementing:

1. Run TypeScript/type checks.
2. Validate Expo config.
3. Validate the local module configuration.
4. Run Expo prebuild ONLY against this feature branch.
5. Confirm prebuild completes successfully.
6. Inspect generated iOS native configuration to confirm:
   - the local module is autolinked
   - all eight XCFrameworks are included
   - the frameworks are linked/embedded correctly
   - no Android native changes were introduced
7. Do NOT run a production build yet.
8. Do NOT merge the branch.
9. Do NOT push anything.

Before finishing, report:

A. Current branch name.
B. Original main HEAD before changes.
C. Exact files added/modified.
D. Exact XCFrameworks added.
E. Exact native module name.
F. Exact JavaScript API exposed.
G. Confirmation that Android files/configuration were not changed.
H. Confirmation that RevenueCat was not changed.
I. TypeScript/config/prebuild results.
J. Any issue that prevents proceeding to the real-device build.

If anything about the existing Memories implementation is incompatible with this approach, STOP before making a risky architectural change and report the conflict.

Do not merge.
Do not push.
Do not touch main.