PINT WARS — BUILD AUTOMATIC LEAGUE COMPLETION

Use FREE mode.

We have now enabled pg_cron in the live Supabase project.

Implement the next stage of Pint Wars automatic league completion.

IMPORTANT:
Do NOT create or schedule a pg_cron job yet.
Do NOT change payment functionality.
Do NOT change Passport.
Do NOT change the scoring values.
Do NOT change the existing +1 PINT_LOGGED, +2 NEW_PUB, or +3 PUB_REVIEW rules.
Do NOT change the review UI.
Do NOT change notifications except where required to correct the completion winner/tie calculation.
Do NOT modify historical scoring events.

FIRST: inspect the current database migrations and application code carefully before making changes.

We need an authoritative database-side completion mechanism that can complete ALL expired active Pint Wars even when nobody opens the app.

LOCKED COMPLETION RULE:

A league becomes Completed when:

status = 'active'
AND ends_at <= now()

The completion mechanism must be global and must NOT depend on the authenticated user being a member of the league.

REQUIREMENTS:

1. Create ONE new Supabase migration for the automatic completion system.

Use the next migration number after the currently restored/applied migrations.

2. Create a privileged database function, for example:

public.complete_all_expired_leagues()

The exact name may differ if the existing naming conventions require it.

The function must:

- be SECURITY DEFINER
- use a fixed safe search_path
- require no authenticated user
- operate globally across all leagues
- complete every league where:
    status = 'active'
    AND ends_at <= now()
- set:
    status = 'completed'
    completed_at = coalesce(completed_at, now())
- leave already completed leagues untouched
- be safe to run repeatedly
- return useful completion information if appropriate

It must NOT directly create duplicate notifications.

The existing league status transition trigger should remain responsible for creating completion notifications.

3. IMPORTANT — winner/tie calculation

Audit the existing completion notification trigger.

It currently calculates winners from raw pint_logs.

That is now WRONG.

Change the completion winner/tie calculation so it uses:

public.league_score_events

and the same scoring totals used by the leaderboard.

Winner calculation must:

- start from league memberships
- exclude members with membership status = 'removed'
- include retired members
- left join league_score_events using league_id and user_id
- sum score_event.points
- treat players with no score events as 0 points
- identify EVERY player tied for the highest final score
- create the existing winner notification for each winner
- preserve the existing notification event keys and idempotency
- do not create retroactive score events

4. COMPLETION RACE SAFETY

Inspect the current pint scoring and pub review scoring functions.

Near the exact league end boundary, completion and scoring must not race.

Use a consistent league-row locking strategy.

The intended rule is:

- If the league row is locked and checked while ends_at > now(), the pint/review operation may proceed.
- If the league has reached ends_at, the operation must be rejected.
- If completion acquires the league lock first after ends_at, later pint/review attempts must see the completed status and be rejected.
- Completion must not allow scoring after the end time.

Do NOT change the scoring point values.

Make the smallest safe database changes necessary to achieve this.

5. IMPORTANT — result stability

Do NOT invent a new final-results architecture.

First inspect whether existing completed-league membership/status behavior already prevents result changes.

If a final-results snapshot is genuinely required, report that as a separate issue instead of implementing it automatically in this task.

Do not add unnecessary tables.

6. EXISTING CLIENT COMPLETION

Do not remove the existing client-side completion calls yet.

They can remain as an idempotent fallback while the new authoritative scheduled mechanism is introduced.

7. CRON

Do NOT create the pg_cron job in this migration.

We will create the actual scheduled job manually only AFTER the migration has been reviewed and applied successfully.

8. SECURITY

The global completion function must NOT be executable by normal authenticated users.

Only the database scheduler/privileged execution path should be able to call it.

Do not expose a client RPC that allows ordinary users to complete arbitrary leagues.

9. HISTORICAL DATA

Do not modify historical leagues that are already completed.

Do not recalculate historical score events.

Do not create historical bonus events.

The new function may complete currently-active leagues whose ends_at has already passed. That is required.

10. VALIDATION

After implementation run:

pnpm --filter @workspace/pint-wars run typecheck

pnpm --filter @workspace/api-server run typecheck

git diff --check

Also inspect the migration carefully for:

- SECURITY DEFINER safety
- correct search_path
- correct permissions
- correct winner/tie calculation
- correct removed/retired handling
- correct score-event totals
- correct end-time locking
- idempotency
- no accidental changes to existing scoring rules

DO NOT APPLY ANYTHING TO SUPABASE.

At the end report:

A. Migration filename.
B. Exact database objects changed/created.
C. Exact completion behavior.
D. Exact winner/tie calculation.
E. Exact race-condition protection.
F. Permission/security model.
G. Whether result stability required any additional changes.
H. Typecheck results.
I. git diff --check result.
J. Confirm that NO Supabase changes were applied.

STOP after implementation and audit.